Modified black and linting sections, added new prettier section (#1720)
nf-core/nf-co.re: markdown/developers/tutorials/nf_core_contributing_overview.md

#### Black

> [Black](https://black.readthedocs.io/en/stable/getting_started.html) is a formatting software that allows the code to be formatted in a quick and efficient way.

Reviewer: I think the old link was actually fine. Tells more what black is.
```suggestion
[Black](https://black.readthedocs.io/en/stable/index.html) is a formatting software that allows the code to be formatted in a quick and efficient way.
```
